docs/docs/getting-started/guide-ollama.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Quickstart: LangChainGo with Ollama

Get started with running your first program using LangChainGo and [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/). Ollama provides the most straightforward method for local LLM inference across all computer platforms.

## Pre-requisites

1. **Ollama**: [Download and install Ollama](https://ollama.ai/).
2. **Go**: [Download and install Go](https://go.dev/doc/install).

## Steps

1. **Initialize Ollama**: In your terminal, execute the command `$ ollama run llama2`. The first run might take some time as the model needs to be fetched to your computer.
2. **Run the Example**: Enter the command:
   ```shell
   go run github.com/tmc/langchaingo/examples/ollama-completion-example@main
   ```

You should receive (something like) the following output:

```shell
The first human to set foot on the moon was Neil Armstrong, an American astronaut, who stepped onto the lunar surface during the Apollo 11 mission on July 20, 1969.
```

Congratulations! You've successfully built and executed your first open-source LLM-based program using local inference.

Here is the entire program (from [ollama-completion-example](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/examples/ollama-completion-example/ollama_completion_example.go)).

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/tmc/langchaingo/llms"
	"github.com/tmc/langchaingo/llms/ollama"
)

func main() {
	llm, err := ollama.New(ollama.WithModel("llama2"))
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	ctx := context.Background()
	completion, err := llm.Call(ctx, "Human: Who was the first man to walk on the moon?\nAssistant:",
		llms.WithTemperature(0.8),
		llms.WithStreamingFunc(func(ctx context.Context, chunk []byte) error {
			fmt.Print(string(chunk))
			return nil
		}),
	)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	_ = completion
}
```

Commit message:

docs: standardize documentation style and clarity
- Convert headers to sentence case for consistency
- Improve language clarity and directness
- Add detailed environment setup instructions
- Enhance code example documentation
- Standardize terminology across all docs
- Fix formatting and structural issues

docs/docs/getting-started/guide-ollama.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Quickstart: LangChainGo with Ollama

Get started by running your first program with LangChainGo and [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/). Ollama provides the most straightforward method for local LLM inference across all computer platforms.

## Prerequisites

1. **Ollama**: [Download and install Ollama](https://ollama.ai/).
2. **Go**: [Download and install Go](https://go.dev/doc/install).

## Setup

Ollama runs locally on your machine and doesn't require API keys. However, you need to have Ollama installed and a model downloaded.

### Install Ollama
Follow the installation instructions for your operating system at [ollama.ai](https://ollama.ai/).

### Download a model
Before running the example, you need to download a model. The example uses the `llama2` model:

```bash
ollama pull llama2
```

## Steps

1. **Initialize Ollama**: In your terminal, execute the command `ollama run llama2`. The first run might take some time as the model needs to be fetched to your computer.
2. **Run the example**: Enter the command:
   ```shell
   go run github.com/tmc/langchaingo/examples/ollama-completion-example@main
   ```

You should see output similar to the following:

```shell
The first human to set foot on the moon was Neil Armstrong, an American astronaut, who stepped onto the lunar surface during the Apollo 11 mission on July 20, 1969.
```

Congratulations! You have successfully built and executed your first open-source LLM-based program using local inference.

Here is the entire program (from [ollama-completion-example](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/examples/ollama-completion-example/ollama_completion_example.go)).

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/tmc/langchaingo/llms"
	"github.com/tmc/langchaingo/llms/ollama"
)

func main() {
	// Create Ollama client with the llama2 model
	llm, err := ollama.New(ollama.WithModel("llama2"))
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	
	ctx := context.Background()
	completion, err := llm.Call(ctx, "Human: Who was the first man to walk on the moon?\nAssistant:",
		llms.WithTemperature(0.8),
		llms.WithStreamingFunc(func(ctx context.Context, chunk []byte) error {
			fmt.Print(string(chunk))
			return nil
		}),
	)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	_ = completion
}
```
