.github /PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- Thank you for contributing! -->

### Before submitting the PR, please make sure you do the following

- [ ] Read the [Contributing documentation](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] Read the [Code of conduct documentation](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- [ ] Name your Pull Request title clearly and concisely, prefixed the type of changes you made according to [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). (such as `feat: added memory support` or `docs: updated memory module documentations`)
- [ ] Check that there isn't already a PR that solves the problem the same way to avoid creating a duplicate.
- [ ] Provide a description in this PR that addresses **what** the PR is solving, or reference the issue that it solves (e.g. `fixes #123`).
- [ ] Contains test coverage for new functions
- [ ] Passes all golangci-lint checks

<!-- if you are introducing new concepts -->
<!--
- [ ] Describes source of new concepts.
- [ ] References existing implementations as appropriate.
-->

---

### Description

<!-- Please insert your description here and provide especially info about the "what" this PR is solving -->

### Additional context

<!-- e.g. is there anything you'd like reviewers to focus on? -->

Commit message:

docs: replaced with Go contribute guideline instead of Conventional Commits

.github /PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- Thank you for contributing! -->

### Before submitting the PR, please make sure you do the following

- [ ] Read the [Contributing documentation](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] Read the [Code of conduct documentation](https://github.com/tmc/langchaingo/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- [ ] - Name your Pull Request title clearly, concisely, and prefixed with the name of primarily affected package you changed according to [Go Contribute Guideline](https://go.dev/doc/contribute#commit_messages). (such as `memory: added interfaces` or `util: added helpers`)
- [ ] Check that there isn't already a PR that solves the problem the same way to avoid creating a duplicate.
- [ ] Provide a description in this PR that addresses **what** the PR is solving, or reference the issue that it solves (e.g. `fixes #123`).
- [ ] Contains test coverage for new functions
- [ ] Passes all golangci-lint checks

<!-- if you are introducing new concepts -->
<!--
- [ ] Describes source of new concepts.
- [ ] References existing implementations as appropriate.
-->

---

### Description

<!-- Please insert your description here and provide especially info about the "what" this PR is solving -->

### Additional context

<!-- e.g. is there anything you'd like reviewers to focus on? -->
